Connecting to VM Service at ws://127.0.0.1:58510/E-3WM9mBEo0=/ws

══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY FLUTTER TEST FRAMEWORK ╞════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following TestFailure was thrown running a test:
Expected: leak free
  Actual: <Instance of 'Leaks'>
   Which: contains leaks:
          # The text is generated by leak_tracker.
          # For leak troubleshooting tips open:
          # https://github.com/dart-lang/leak_tracker/blob/main/doc/TROUBLESHOOT.md
          notGCed:
            total: 3
            objects:
              ValueNotifier<_OverlayEntryWidgetState?>:
                identityHashCode: 368219682
                context:
                  path: >
                    References that retain the object from garbage collection.
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/_completer
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/Connection:service
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/VmService:_outstandingRequests@705266273
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/3744, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/_OutstandingRequest:_completer@705266273
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState
                    @Context:0
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_object_tracker.dart/ObjectTracker:_finalizer@914145663
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_finalizer.dart/StandardFinalizerWrapper:_finalizer@915339276
                    dart.core/_FinalizerImpl:callback_
                    dart.core/_Closure (in bindUnaryCallbackGuarded):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_CustomZone:_map@4048458
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:value
                    package:clock/src/clock.dart/Clock:_time@1000269895
                    dart.core/_Closure (in FakeAsync):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:fake_async/fake_async.dart/FakeAsync:_microtasks@76246113
                    dart.collection/ListQueue:_table@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _asyncCompleteWithValue):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:_nextListener@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:result
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:callback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in send):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_default_binary_messenger.dart/TestDefaultBinaryMessenger:_outboundHandlerIdentities@57043826
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/3650, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleTextInputCall):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_text_input.dart/TestTextInput:onCleared
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _resetFocusedEditable):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/binding.dart/AutomatedTestWidgetsFlutterBinding:_rootElement@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart/RenderObjectToWidgetElement:_child@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionState:delegate
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionPainter:animation
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_parent@116411118
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _statusChangeHandler):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _animationListener):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/_DualTransitionBuilderState:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/DualTransitionBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/transitions.dart/AnimatedBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/RepaintBoundary:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/Builder:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/routes.dart/_ModalScopeState:primaryScrollController
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_controller.dart/ScrollController:_positions@569437953
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_owner@492082469
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsOwner:_nodes@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/int-34, kind: Int,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/59, name: _Smi, library: [LibraryRef id:
libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_showOnScreen@492082469
                    dart.core/_Closure (in showOnScreen):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIndexedSemantics:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/shifted_box.dart/RenderPadding:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/_UbiquitousInheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/scrollbar.dart/_MaterialScrollbarState:scrollbarPainter
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollbar.dart/ScrollbarPainter:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_layerHandle@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsGestureHandler:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:onPointerPanZoomStart
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handlePointerPanZoomStart):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusState:_internalNode@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_ancestors@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:11
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:next
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusScopeState:_focusAttachment@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusAttachment:_node@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusScopeNode:_children@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/3319, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/implicit_animations.dart/_AnimatedDefaultTextStyleState:_tickerModeNotifier@535311458
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:13
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _updateTickers):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:_relayoutBoundary@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/viewport.dart/RenderViewport:_offset@485057554
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_debugPreviousSnapshot@492082469
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:2
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_actions@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/3267, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 717665563, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/1196, name: SemanticsAction, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@15065589, name: dart.ui, uri: dart:ui]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _addArgumentlessAction):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _performTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_properties@74160605
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsProperties:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in simulateTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:63
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/3184, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_recognizers@628132872
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/2163/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 2261606995, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/gestures/tap.dart/TapGestureRecognizer:onTapCancel
                    dart.core/_Closure (in handleTapCancel):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/InkWell:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:parent_
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/about.dart/_PackagesViewState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart/_LayoutBuilderElement:_child@633188862
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:62
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/app_bar.dart/_AppBarState:_scrollNotificationObserver@225187611
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_notification_observer.dart/ScrollNotificationObserverState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:24
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAbsorbPointer:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_RenderTheater:_clipRectLayer@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/ClipRectLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_lastChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/AnnotatedRegionLayer:size
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/box.dart/_DebugSize:_owner@447392247
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAnnotatedRegion:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPhysicalModel:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_RenderInkFeatures:vsync
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:30
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/ParentDataElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIgnorePointer:parentData
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterParentData:overlayEntry
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:_overlay@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayState:_entries@606319124
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _buildModalScope):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_navigator@31124995
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/NavigatorState:_history@31124995
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/_RouteEntry:lastAnnouncedPoppedNextRoute
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_modalBarrier@541188637
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:_overlayEntryStateNotifier@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier
              ValueNotifier<_OverlayEntryWidgetState?>:
                identityHashCode: 202104103
                context:
                  path: >
                    References that retain the object from garbage collection.
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/_completer
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/Connection:service
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/VmService:_outstandingRequests@705266273
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4566, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/_OutstandingRequest:_completer@705266273
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState
                    @Context:0
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_object_tracker.dart/ObjectTracker:_finalizer@914145663
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_finalizer.dart/StandardFinalizerWrapper:_finalizer@915339276
                    dart.core/_FinalizerImpl:callback_
                    dart.core/_Closure (in bindUnaryCallbackGuarded):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_CustomZone:_map@4048458
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:value
                    package:clock/src/clock.dart/Clock:_time@1000269895
                    dart.core/_Closure (in FakeAsync):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:fake_async/fake_async.dart/FakeAsync:_microtasks@76246113
                    dart.collection/ListQueue:_table@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _asyncCompleteWithValue):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:_nextListener@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:result
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:callback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in send):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_default_binary_messenger.dart/TestDefaultBinaryMessenger:_outboundHandlerIdentities@57043826
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4472, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleTextInputCall):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_text_input.dart/TestTextInput:onCleared
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _resetFocusedEditable):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/binding.dart/AutomatedTestWidgetsFlutterBinding:_rootElement@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart/RenderObjectToWidgetElement:_child@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionState:delegate
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionPainter:animation
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_parent@116411118
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _statusChangeHandler):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _animationListener):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/_DualTransitionBuilderState:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/DualTransitionBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/transitions.dart/AnimatedBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/RepaintBoundary:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/Builder:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/routes.dart/_ModalScopeState:primaryScrollController
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_controller.dart/ScrollController:_positions@569437953
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_owner@492082469
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsOwner:_nodes@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/int-34, kind: Int,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/59, name: _Smi, library: [LibraryRef id:
libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_showOnScreen@492082469
                    dart.core/_Closure (in showOnScreen):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIndexedSemantics:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/shifted_box.dart/RenderPadding:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/_UbiquitousInheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/scrollbar.dart/_MaterialScrollbarState:scrollbarPainter
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollbar.dart/ScrollbarPainter:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_layerHandle@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsGestureHandler:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:onPointerPanZoomStart
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handlePointerPanZoomStart):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusState:_internalNode@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_ancestors@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:11
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:next
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusScopeState:_focusAttachment@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusAttachment:_node@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusScopeNode:_children@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4141, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/implicit_animations.dart/_AnimatedDefaultTextStyleState:_tickerModeNotifier@535311458
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:13
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _updateTickers):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:_relayoutBoundary@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/viewport.dart/RenderViewport:_offset@485057554
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_debugPreviousSnapshot@492082469
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:2
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_actions@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4089, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 717665563, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/1196, name: SemanticsAction, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@15065589, name: dart.ui, uri: dart:ui]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _addArgumentlessAction):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _performTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_properties@74160605
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsProperties:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in simulateTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:63
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4006, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_recognizers@628132872
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/2163/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 2261606995, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/gestures/tap.dart/TapGestureRecognizer:onTapCancel
                    dart.core/_Closure (in handleTapCancel):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/InkWell:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:parent_
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/about.dart/_PackagesViewState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart/_LayoutBuilderElement:_child@633188862
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:62
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/app_bar.dart/_AppBarState:_scrollNotificationObserver@225187611
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_notification_observer.dart/ScrollNotificationObserverState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:24
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAbsorbPointer:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_RenderTheater:_clipRectLayer@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/ClipRectLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_lastChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/AnnotatedRegionLayer:size
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/box.dart/_DebugSize:_owner@447392247
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAnnotatedRegion:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPhysicalModel:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_RenderInkFeatures:vsync
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:30
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/ParentDataElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIgnorePointer:parentData
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterParentData:overlayEntry
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:_overlay@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayState:_entries@606319124
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _buildModalScope):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_navigator@31124995
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/NavigatorState:_history@31124995
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/_RouteEntry:lastAnnouncedPoppedNextRoute
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_modalScope@541188637
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:_overlayEntryStateNotifier@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier
              ValueNotifier<String?>:
                identityHashCode: 913147555
                context:
                  path: >
                    References that retain the object from garbage collection.
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/_completer
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/retaining_path/_connection.dart/Connection:service
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/VmService:_outstandingRequests@705266273
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/5387, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:vm_service/src/vm_service.dart/_OutstandingRequest:_completer@705266273
                    dart.async/_AsyncCompleter:future
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState:function_data_
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:errorCallback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerBinaryCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _createAsyncCallbacks):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_SuspendState
                    @Context:0
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_object_tracker.dart/ObjectTracker:_finalizer@914145663
                    package:leak_tracker/src/leak_tracking/_finalizer.dart/StandardFinalizerWrapper:_finalizer@915339276
                    dart.core/_FinalizerImpl:callback_
                    dart.core/_Closure (in bindUnaryCallbackGuarded):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_CustomZone:_map@4048458
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:value
                    package:clock/src/clock.dart/Clock:_time@1000269895
                    dart.core/_Closure (in FakeAsync):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:fake_async/fake_async.dart/FakeAsync:_microtasks@76246113
                    dart.collection/ListQueue:_table@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _asyncCompleteWithValue):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:_nextListener@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:result
                    dart.async/_Future:_resultOrListeners@4048458
                    dart.async/_FutureListener:callback
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _registerCallback):_context@0150898
                    @Context:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in send):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_default_binary_messenger.dart/TestDefaultBinaryMessenger:_outboundHandlerIdentities@57043826
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/5293, kind: String,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/93, name: _OneByteString, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleTextInputCall):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/test_text_input.dart/TestTextInput:onCleared
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _resetFocusedEditable):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter_test/src/binding.dart/AutomatedTestWidgetsFlutterBinding:_rootElement@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart/RenderObjectToWidgetElement:_child@86399801
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionState:delegate
                    package:flutter/src/material/page_transitions_theme.dart/_ZoomExitTransitionPainter:animation
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_parent@116411118
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:parent
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ProxyAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _statusChangeHandler):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/animation/animations.dart/ReverseAnimation:_statusListeners@118091803
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _animationListener):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/_DualTransitionBuilderState:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/dual_transition_builder.dart/DualTransitionBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/transitions.dart/AnimatedBuilder:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/RepaintBoundary:child
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/Builder:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/routes.dart/_ModalScopeState:primaryScrollController
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_controller.dart/ScrollController:_positions@569437953
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_owner@492082469
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsOwner:_nodes@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/int-34, kind: Int,
identityHashCode: 0, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/59, name: _Smi, library: [LibraryRef id:
libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_showOnScreen@492082469
                    dart.core/_Closure (in showOnScreen):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIndexedSemantics:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/shifted_box.dart/RenderPadding:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/basic.dart/_UbiquitousInheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/scrollbar.dart/_MaterialScrollbarState:scrollbarPainter
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollbar.dart/ScrollbarPainter:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_layerHandle@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:debugCreator
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/DebugCreator:element
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsGestureHandler:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPointerListener:onPointerPanZoomStart
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handlePointerPanZoomStart):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusState:_internalNode@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_ancestors@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:11
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:next
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_scope.dart/_FocusScopeState:_focusAttachment@578492240
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusAttachment:_node@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusScopeNode:_children@577042876
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/focus_manager.dart/FocusNode:_context@577042876
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4962, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/implicit_animations.dart/_AnimatedDefaultTextStyleState:_tickerModeNotifier@535311458
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:13
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _updateTickers):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/paragraph.dart/RenderParagraph:_relayoutBoundary@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/viewport.dart/RenderViewport:_offset@485057554
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_position_with_single_context.dart/ScrollPositionWithSingleContext:context
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/ScrollableState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowingOverscrollIndicatorState:_trailingController@669442496
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overscroll_indicator.dart/_GlowController:_listeners@174329750
                    dart.core/_List:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in markNeedsPaint):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/custom_paint.dart/RenderCustomPaint:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderRepaintBoundary:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scrollable.dart/_RenderScrollSemantics:_innerNode@642019050
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_debugPreviousSnapshot@492082469
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:2
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsNode:_actions@492082469
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4910, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 717665563, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/1196, name: SemanticsAction, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@15065589, name: dart.ui, uri: dart:ui]]]
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _addArgumentlessAction):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _performTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderSemanticsAnnotations:_properties@74160605
                    package:flutter/src/semantics/semantics.dart/SemanticsProperties:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in simulateTap):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:63
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:31
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/slotted_render_object_widget.dart/SlottedRenderObjectElement:_slotToChild@560130468
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: objects/4827, kind: PlainInstance,
identityHashCode: 930698645, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/2777, name: _ListTileSlot, library:
[LibraryRef id: libraries/@310247952, name: , uri: package:flutter/src/material/list_tile.dart]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/gesture_detector.dart/RawGestureDetectorState:_recognizers@628132872
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/2163/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 2261606995, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/gestures/tap.dart/TapGestureRecognizer:onTapCancel
                    dart.core/_Closure (in handleTapCancel):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart/_InheritedNotifierElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_widget@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/InkWell:onTap
                    dart.core/_Closure (in <anonymous closure>):_context@0150898
                    @Context:parent_
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/about.dart/_PackagesViewState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart/_LayoutBuilderElement:_child@633188862
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:62
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/app_bar.dart/_AppBarState:_scrollNotificationObserver@225187611
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/scroll_notification_observer.dart/ScrollNotificationObserverState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:24
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAbsorbPointer:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_RenderTheater:_clipRectLayer@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/LayerHandle:_layer@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/ClipRectLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_firstChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/OffsetLayer:_lastChild@458518307
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/layer.dart/AnnotatedRegionLayer:size
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/box.dart/_DebugSize:_owner@447392247
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderAnnotatedRegion:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderPhysicalModel:_child@90266271
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_RenderInkFeatures:vsync
                    package:flutter/src/material/material.dart/_MaterialState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/notification_listener.dart/_NotificationElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:7
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_state@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/material/ink_well.dart/_InkResponseState:_actionMap@305059085
                    dart.collection/_Map:[InstanceRef id: classes/4067/types/0, kind: Type,
identityHashCode: 504275380, classRef: [ClassRef id: classes/48, name: _Type, library: [LibraryRef
id: libraries/@0150898, name: dart.core, uri: dart:core]]]
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/CallbackAction:_listeners@562441002
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/observer_list.dart/ObserverList:_list@186023516
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _handleActionChanged):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/actions.dart/_ActionsState:_element@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:30
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:5
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/MultiChildRenderObjectElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/ParentDataElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/inherited_model.dart/InheritedModelElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:3
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatelessElement:_inheritedElements@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/PersistentHashMap:_root@187137193
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_FullNode:descendants
                    dart.core/_List:4
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/persistent_hash_map.dart/_CompressedNode:keyValuePairs
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_ancestorRenderObjectElement@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterElement:_children@72042623
                    dart.core/_List:2
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_dependencies@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashSet:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:1
                    dart.collection/_HashSetEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_dependents@72042623
                    dart.collection/_HashMap:_buckets@3220832
                    dart.core/_List:6
                    dart.collection/_HashMapEntry:key
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/StatefulElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/InheritedElement:_child@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart/SingleChildRenderObjectElement:_renderObject@72042623
                    package:flutter/src/rendering/proxy_box.dart/RenderIgnorePointer:parentData
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/_TheaterParentData:overlayEntry
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:_overlay@606319124
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayState:_entries@606319124
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:3
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/overlay.dart/OverlayEntry:builder
                    dart.core/_Closure (in _buildModalScope):_context@0150898
                    @Context:0
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_navigator@31124995
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/NavigatorState:_history@31124995
                    dart.core/_GrowableList:0
                    package:flutter/src/widgets/navigator.dart/_RouteEntry:lastAnnouncedPoppedNextRoute
                    package:flutter/src/material/page.dart/MaterialPageRoute:_restorationScopeId@31124995
                    package:flutter/src/foundation/change_notifier.dart/ValueNotifier

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
#4      _withFlutterLeakTracking.<anonymous closure> (file:///Users/polinach/_/flutter/packages/flutter/test/foundation/leak_tracking.dart:132:11)
<asynchronous suspension>
#5      TestAsyncUtils.guard.<anonymous closure> (package:flutter_test/src/test_async_utils.dart:114:7)
<asynchronous suspension>
#6      testWidgetsWithLeakTracking.wrappedCallback (file:///Users/polinach/_/flutter/packages/flutter/test/foundation/leak_tracking.dart:60:5)
<asynchronous suspension>
#7      testWidgets.<anonymous closure>.<anonymous closure> (package:flutter_test/src/widget_tester.dart:165:15)
<asynchronous suspension>
#8      TestWidgetsFlutterBinding._runTestBody (package:flutter_test/src/binding.dart:982:5)
<asynchronous suspension>
<asynchronous suspension>
(elided one frame from package:stack_trace)

This was caught by the test expectation on the following line:
  file:///Users/polinach/_/flutter/packages/flutter/test/foundation/leak_tracking.dart line 132
The test description was:
  LicensePage control test
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
Test failed. See exception logs above.
The test description was: LicensePage control test


✖ LicensePage control test

Exited (1).
